HAYAY HELLO
Wow they showed the choice of Hoon choice, right click
Understand it
Hello, show me, I'm running, you guys
Do not just care about sitting on the street now the problem .. "Do not give me your right" ... do not give me your right
I will leave you
I miss you son
Oh no
Wayne I?
Is I looking forward to it? Oh, I'm low
"No, no, please do not ask me.
Beat by simulating the blow with the stick in your right hand
You can also slap your hand out
Repel by joining your hands
Hey Ye! No No Please !! I am innocent I am innocent !! Please do not harm me
What do you do ?!
Oh well I understand what the case is! You have beautiful limbs
If you have a massage, will you stop? Would you mind stopping my ad?
Oh, by the love of Heck
Haha every time I visit my beloved
You have received your weakness
And Haha
PUNK: You're fighting and not speculating
He played the game ...
Do not let me hit you again
do not let me ...
And dismantle ?? !! Haha
My God
How are the situations and Wendell
The officers of Eshtakolk
You have a hole in your pants now
"Watch out for your head"
"Good work" I know ... "Did you learn secondary movements?" I was not a member of the club of paws
We were the evil savior ****
any time
What is that?
Oh, do you want to ride the car?
Excuse
I do not have a driver's license
Well we seem to ride the car "just go somewhere nearby"
Lol
Okay!
Adam relates to KGB We will take care of 211
Do not be afraid
Do not be afraid ..... Are you afraid?!
are you scared ?! I'll do, I'll take the next turn! But if you tell me how to do it again
I will slap you
Yes
Do not worry to go
Oh, we are going up wrongly
Sorry .. "Take the next left turn"
The next left turn I understood
are you scared ? Now tell me ... Do you fear death?
Are you afraid of death?
"Do not do this!"
Biodes Mario style: I did not do anything you tense me
I try to lead as a respectable man
Ohh, she 's stealing
Wait for this
Owooh
Oh I'm back I'm afraid I did not do this before
I did not think this would happen Hahaha
"Keep low" Keep low Hey u ... What do I do I'm so afraid
Private Force Movement
What is this, what do you do? Let's move
Hit it
Do not let me do anything
Hi! It has fallen from an old trick
above
Yes, yes !! That's what I'm talking about
What's going on
Hey Johnny I think I have found evidence
Insecticide
For your permission, O workers
Please move away we are working
This is scary and I am very afraid at this moment, my God
"Cool Come look at this" I see him ... man, I see
Damn
Man, I do not know about this place, but I am very afraid
To continue
He fired twice
I will draw a picture of the gun
"Can you tell us something about this weapon?"
"Explanation of the pistol"
"They discuss the question of who is the owner of the weapon" Lala
Let me talk
My God
"List of names of arms owners"
Well to see what we have here .... Hey I do not like what you do
"Talk about buyer list"
"Reach an accused"
Thank you so much
You are doing a wonderful job thanks!
Are these ducks real
How much do they charge?
Oh God, can I ... oh
Sorry I was not sworn by God
stop where you are
O evil ****
You Ante
Do you know the Shredders number?
do not let me..!!
Is this milk? I have never had a wonderful bottle of milk in my life .. the length of my life
Catch
Open the door I am a police uncle ... He does not ignore me
"Ask him if he bought the weapon"
"Behold it is in one died by your knob"
"The gun is saying that he is in his house and that he is slain and sold him"
"They have to catch him" Oooh
Oooh is time again
Swedish slap teacher
Come clean
Come Come .. Say you have come ... Bdk crying? Do you cry? Come!!
Heck, we are Benthareb in Sweden ... Hick Kanoo Vikings clash (Haha)
My God !! LMPD Please allow ...
"Bejaup if they call the ambulance or not"
What is Bachov?
What are you doing?
O liar !!
shut up !!
What is Bachov?
do not let me...
Hey, hey, watch out, do not disturb me ...
Al Faisaliah ...
O son of a bitch
What I benefited from is a man
Hey Mama
Do not worry Do not worry everything will be fine ...
Now I have my lips ...
Yes, I am not lying about you, but I doubt you will spend many years
Jawa prison ... "Why do not you look at me?
Rahi Turabi to prison ... Rahi Tuhi prison
You spend a lot of time
But do not worry do not worry
If you give me a papa biodes unit of the shoes size is 42
Everything will be fine
Do not worry about him
I'm here for the shooting
Yes, yes, do not worry
Mr
Not Mr. Qig ... Do not worry
A need to take a virtual reality glasses from a man
"Speaking of the killing of Mr. Qig"
"Speaking of Mr. Qig's death," I'm with you
"Speaking of the killing of Mr. Qig" Aha (Biodes very attentive to the case)
Oooh this is terrible
"Speaking of the killing of Mr. Qig"
"Speaking of Mr. Qig's death," Yes!
"Expelled"
Well scrub the junk
Ooohh Show this ... you what you noticed?!
"The investigator's colleague cried out that he had shaped him in a trash can. Haha" Boods: Ok I've met him from time
"Give me information"
"Police machete"
"Give me the messages"
"Thank you for helping"
I took the pistol Ok .. You think that he is becoming a walker?
But what is ...
Is there a bug in the game?
I got .... bullet *
Now I need a pistol. Now I understand
Oh the shape of the gun is very important now ... I understand
Let's go
It's okay ... do not worry about it ... but I know you do not know I love you
I am feeling that I will only live forever ... You are always my brother
You are!
Hey hee wait no no no
Oooh !!!! Damn!! My God
Come back, baby
You forgot your aunt oh oh oh
How am I able to go beyond it?
I can only walk through people
Very sorry very sorry very sorry
Hee hee not Tsui heck! Do not settle Heck